README.md, before:

# AdventOfCode2021

## Puzzles from 

https://adventofcode.com/2021/

## My solutions

https://sergiorgiraldo.github.io/AdventOfCode2021/solutions/

## Performance

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/day%20📅-25-blue)
 
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/stars%20⭐-2-yellow)

## Usage

 - To run a solution by day, use: `npm start day2`

    - If it is a new day, it will generate the folder for the day based on the template, also download the input using AOCD (https://github.com/wimglenn/advent-of-code-data)

- To run test by day, use: `npm test day2`

- To submit answers, use: `npm run submit [1..25] [1|2]`

  - `npm run submit 15 1`, part 1 of day 15

  - `npm run submit 15 2`, part 2 of day 15

## Setup

1. Enable github pages: repo settings > pages > deploy from branch main, root
2. Configure release-please workflow
  a. Change the year   
3. Configure "update stars in readme" workflow
  a. create a PAT with repo permissions and store in secrets (GH_PAT_AOCYYYY, replace YYYY with year from advent), update the name in the chekcout step
  b. change the year in the workflow
  c. double-check the aoc userid and session
  d. hints in the pages:
   - https://www.adebayosegun.com/blog/push-to-protected-branch-gh-action
   - https://github.com/marketplace/actions/aoc-badges
4. Change the year in package.json and set version to 0.0.0
5. Change the year in the readme
6. Change ITERATION to 0.0.1

## Based in 

https://github.com/johnbeech/advent-of-code-nodejs-template

Commit message:

feat!: day 4 completed ::by sergio giraldo @ 20240109T0933CET, gpg signed

README.md, after:

# AdventOfCode2021

## Puzzles from 

https://adventofcode.com/2021/

## My solutions

https://sergiorgiraldo.github.io/AdventOfCode2021/solutions/

## Performance

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/day%20📅-25-blue)
 
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/stars%20⭐-2-yellow)

## Usage

 - To start a solution by day, use: `npm start day2`

    - If it is a new day, it will generate the folder for the day based on the template, also download the input using AOCD (https://github.com/wimglenn/advent-of-code-data)

 - To run a solution by day, use: `npm run type [day]`

  - `npm run type 15`   

- To run test by day, use: `npm test day15`

- To submit answers, use: `npm run submit [1..25] [1|2]`

  - `npm run submit 15 1`, part 1 of day 15

  - `npm run submit 15 2`, part 2 of day 15

- To deploy, use: `./deploy.sh [message]` 

  - `./deploy.sh "day 15 completed"`

## Setup

1. Enable github pages: repo settings > pages > deploy from branch main, root
2. Configure release-please workflow
  a. Change the year   
3. Configure "update stars in readme" workflow
  a. create a PAT with repo permissions and store in secrets (GH_PAT_AOCYYYY, replace YYYY with year from advent), update the name in the chekcout step
  b. change the year in the workflow
  c. double-check the aoc userid and session
  d. hints in the pages:
   - https://www.adebayosegun.com/blog/push-to-protected-branch-gh-action
   - https://github.com/marketplace/actions/aoc-badges
4. Change the year in package.json and set version to 0.0.0
5. Change the year in the readme
6. Change ITERATION to 0.0.1

## Based in 

https://github.com/johnbeech/advent-of-code-nodejs-template
